now Adam knew Eve his wife and she
conceived and gave birth to game and
said I have gotten a man from the Lord
then she gave birth again this time his
brother Abel now Abel was a keeper of
the sheep but Cain was a tiller of the
ground and in the process of time it
came to pass that Cain brought an
offering of the fruit of the ground unto
the Lord and Abel also brought of the
firstborn of his flock and of the fat
and the Lord respected Abel's offering
but the Lord did not respect Cain's
offering and Cain was angry and his
countenance fell in other words the
anger was on his face and the Lord said
Cain why are you angry and why is your
countenance fallen if you do well will
you not be accepted and if you do not
well sin lies at the door and its desire
is for you but you should rule over it
now Cain talked with Abel his brother
and it came to pass when they were in
the field Cain rose up against Abel his
brother and slew him
Cain where is Abel your brother I know
not am I my brother's keeper what have
you done the voice of your brother's
blood cries unto me from the ground so
now you are cursed from the earth which
has opened her mouth to receive your
brother's blood from your hand when you
dill the ground it will no longer yield
her strength to you a fugitive and a
vagabond you shall be upon the earth my
punishment is greater than I can bear
surely you have driven me out this day
from the face of the ground I shall be
hidden from your face I shall be a
fugitive and a vagabond on the earth and
it will happen that anyone who finds me
will kill me and the Lord said therefore
whoever kills Cain vengeance will be
taken upon him Sevenfold
and the Lord set a mark upon Cain lest
anyone finding him should kill him then
Cain went out from the presence of the
Lord and dwelt in the Land of Nod on the
East of Eden
you